Update Prefect Server guide to clarify PostgreSQL Docker instructions (#12164)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/guides/host.md

- You use the default PostgreSQL port `5432`
- Your PostgreSQL instance has a database called `prefect`

#### Quick start: configuring a PostgreSQL database with Docker 

> To quickly start a PostgreSQL instance that can be used as your Prefect database, you can use the following command that will start a Docker container running PostgreSQL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To quickly start a PostgreSQL instance that can be used as your Prefect database, use the following command, which will start a Docker container running PostgreSQL:
```

- Creates a database `prefect` with a user `postgres` and `yourTopSecretPassword` password.
- Mounts the PostgreSQL data to a Docker volume called `prefectdb` to provide persistence if you ever have to restart or rebuild that container.

Then you'll want to run the command above to set your current Prefect Profile to the PostgreSQL database instance running in your Docker container.

<div class="terminal">
```bash
prefect config set PREFECT_API_DATABASE_CONNECTION_URL="postgresql+asyncpg://postgres:yourTopSecretPassword@localhost:5432/prefect"
```
</div>

### Confirming your PostgreSQL database configuration

> Inspect your Prefect profile to be sure that the environment variable has been set properly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inspect your Prefect profile to confirm that the environment variable has been set properly:
```
